# Mining Operations Management System

A web-based mining operations management system can help to address several problems. RCE is a distributed, workflow-based integration environment. Engineers and scientists use it to design and simulate complex systems (e.g., aircraft, ships, or satellites). Deep sea mining is the extraction of minerals from the seabed of the deep sea. Asteroid mining is the hypothetical extraction of materials from asteroids and other minor planets, including near-Earth objects. OpenJUMP Desktop-GIS software provides a swiss-knife of tools to analyze and edit huge GIS-datasets. ROS Based 3D Mapping Rover with User Interface. Multi-Sensor 3D mapping with an unmanned ground vehicle for mining applications. Laser_RobMap is a ROS2 package designed for three-dimensional mapping using a two-dimensional LiDAR sensor mounted on a mobile robotic platform. Model Predictive Control (MPC) on CENTAURO, which is a dual-arm quadrupedal legged manipulator. The Geostatistics & Machine Learning C++ Library. Machine learning framework for reservoir simulation. Spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation. Albion plugin provides tools to create 3D geological models in QGIS. A Blender add-on with a collection of tools for 3D geological modelling, primarily designed for mineral exploration. It allows the import and visualization of drill holes and related interval data, point data, generation of simple block models, grade shell meshes, and integrates with the GemPy module for implicit geological modelling. FreeCAD Trails Workbench (Transportation and Geomatics). Open-source python module for mineral resource estimation and geostatistics. A PyQt5 app catered to the exploration industry for visualizing geologic drill hole data with features like cross-sections, simple 3D views, strip logs, scatter plots, and downhole line plots. Includes data transformation techniques like factor analysis, desurveying, and alpha-beta conversion.